REVELLI SURESH KUMAR
Email Id: revellisureshkumar@gmail.com	
Mobile: 9866 500 582

Career Objective:

To work in an innovative and challenging environment equipped with the
state-of-art technology that enhances my skills and knowledge my
desire and drive to succeed will be an asset, which I will contribute
to the organization¡¯s growth and profitability.

Technical:

Installation, configuration, managemnet amd maintenance over the
linux. remote Administrator of Linux server using SSH, vnc
viewer. Configuration of NFS clients for file sharing.  Configuration
of FTP and remote applications like ssh, scp, telnet. Daignosing,
monitoring performance and network related issues using top and
netstat. Adding, creating new users, groups and setup home directories
and appropriate access restrictions to software and directories &
files using acces modes.  Installation of printer, scanner drivers in
windows & Linux. Installation and Configuration of Monitoring Tools
like Nagios Knowledge in configuration of LAMP stack, DNS, DHCP,SSH,
Router.Knowledge of Web servers (Apache). Knowledge in Package
Installation RPM, YUM.Creation of OpenVZ containers & KVM in linux
environment.

Experience:
Presently Working in Choice Solutions Limited as a
Technical Support Engineer from October 14th 2015 to till date.
Working in the client location IIIT-Hyderabad.


Job Profile:

Process:

Study of all emails related to day-to-day operations Receiving
incident/service requests over telephone/email/REDMINE(Ticketing
Portal).  Acknowledge various incident and service requests with the
updated status.  Response and resolve all tickets within SLA timelines
which are assigned.  Generating reports from Redmine portal and
sending to clients on weekly.  Attending various internal & external
meetings and update the ongoing issues.  Documentation of technical
issues and sharing to team as a knowledge transfer.  Logging calls
with various hardware vendors about component failures Follow-up with
vendors and ensure the logging case was resolved.

Education:

Sphoorthy College of Engineering and Technology,(JNTU-H) 2010-2014

B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering
	 
